Everywhere that you look,
there are monuments that
the archaeologists had
absolutely no knowledge of whatsoever.
It would seem to be all of the cultures
were trying to signal
some kind of sky people.
What if, when we go past that wall,
the real treasure trove
is waiting inside?
With the technology that has been
and is being developed at the moment,
archaeology will have to accept the fact
we have been visited
by extraterrestrials
in the remote past.
Since the dawn of civilization,
mankind has credited its origins to gods
and other visitors from the stars.
What if it were true?
Did extraterrestrial beings
really help to shape our history?
And if so, will new evidence reveal,
once and for all, that we are not alone?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
# Ancient Aliens 11x04 #
The New Evidence
Original Air Date on May 27, 2016
Throughout recorded history,
archaeologists have discovered
new structures, carvings and texts
that have put into question
the established notions of our past.
Ruins dating back thousands of years
reveal engineering skill
surpassing even modern capabilities.
Ancient rock art
depicts figures that
resemble astronauts.
And mysterious monoliths
aligned with the stars
dot the landscapes
of nearly every continent.
In his 1968 book, Chariots of the Gods?,
Erich von Daniken proposed
that all of this evidence
pointed to one profound truth,
that extraterrestrials had visited Earth
in the distant past
and changed the course of human history.
This concept is known
as ancient astronaut theory,
and today it is embraced
by literally millions
of people around the world.
Everyone in this room wants to ask,
have you watched Ancient Aliens,
and what's your comment
about that series?
King Tut's tomb may
have more mysteries to reveal.
The California Institute
of Technology published
a study claiming they have discovered
a true ninth planet beyond Pluto.
Ancient astronaut theorists suggest
the evidence that
extraterrestrials visited Earth
is all around us
and say that with new technology,
we are uncovering more proof
than ever before.
Liquid water has been found on Mars.
NASA's Hubble
Space Telescope... have made
independent confirmations in the
hunt for extra-solar planets.
Gliese 581.
This would be the most
Earth-like exoplanet
yet discovered.
In the past few years,
different shafts were discovered
in the Great Pyramid.
That was only possible because
of our modern technology.
The same thing happens in astronomy.
Because of the Hubble Telescope,
we have discovered more than
two-and-a-half thousand
so-called exoplanets,
planets out of our solar system.
The same thing in genetics.
It's all connected.
We should finally understand to
link all these things together.
With all of the new technologies
that archaeologists have to use now,
ground-penetrating radar,
satellite images,
uh, even the access of Google Earth,
has been a tremendous boon
to archaeologists,
and they're now finding things
that we never thought existed.
Science ultimately is a belief system
that is based on certain evidence,
but as new evidence comes in,
authentic scientific
investigation requires you
to incorporate that evidence
into the model
that you are constructing.
If we look at the recent findings,
we're seeing the most
revolutionary breakthroughs
in the field of ancient astronaut theory
that we have ever seen.
Wiltshire, England.
Here stands one of the most mysterious
stone monuments on Earth, Stonehenge.
For centuries, it has
baffled archaeologists,
but in September of 2015,
just two miles away,
a discovery was made that could provide
an important new piece to the puzzle.
At the Durrington Walls,
Great Britain's largest
ancient henge structure--
or circular earthwork--
archaeologists, using
ground-penetrating radar,
uncovered something astonishing,
nearly 100 monolithic standing stones.
Recently, a type of
super-henge was discovered
only two miles from Stonehenge,
and it's a giant mystery because,
according to the working
archaeologists, it's older.
So the question now is,
if it's older than Stonehenge,
what was its purpose,
and why was it built?
This is the southern side
of Durrington Walls,
the southern edge
of the great Superhenge.
And beneath my feet
is at least one and another here
of the 90 great stones.
Now, these stones,
which were perhaps 15 feet in size,
weighing anything between
ten and 15 tons apiece,
were part of a huge arc
that faced out towards
the northern night sky.
They were constructed as part
of a mysterious monument
even earlier than Durrington Walls,
which dates to around 2500 BC.
So they could be hundreds,
perhaps even thousands,
of years earlier,
and exactly why it's here
is a complete mystery.
These stones were purposely buried,
and they seem to be part
of a ritual complex
that goes way beyond
that particular site,
into the entire plain
on which it's found.
So these stones encircle
one part of the site
and were consequently
buried under a mound,
which is really mysterious.
While the stones of Superhenge
that have been discovered
so far form an arc,
many researchers believe that
it was originally a full circle,
much like another ancient structure
located just 300 yards
to the south, Woodhenge.
This is Woodhenge.
This was a smaller monument
consisting of six concentric rings
of wooden posts that pointed
up towards the sky
as much as 4,000 years ago.
And this monument itself,
being circular in the same way
that Stonehenge was,
suggests to us that the 90 stones
around the edge of Durrington
was a huge great circle in itself,
the largest ring of stones
anywhere in Europe,
perhaps even in the world.
Incredibly,
the newly discovered Superhenge
is not all that has been uncovered
beneath the earth here.
Since July 2010,
an international team of experts--
as part of the Stonehenge
Hidden Landscapes Project--
has been mapping the entire area
using the latest technology.
More than 15 underground sites
have been found.
There's no doubt that these finds
will cause
English archaeologists to have
to revisit everything
we know about Stonehenge,
because Stonehenge
is not going to be considered
an isolate or something that's curious.
While mainstream scientists
believe Stonehenge
and its surrounding sites
were ancient ritual and burial grounds,
there is no written record
to explain why ancient people
chose to move and erect massive blocks
that weigh up to 50 tons--
some of which were transported
from over 100 miles away.
And now that a second
Stonehenge has been found,
the theory that these sites
were simply burial grounds
has been thrown into greater question.
These ancient people had a great deal
of knowledge about how to align
these structures perfectly.
So, we're dealing
with an advanced civilization,
to say the least.
Where they had that knowledge,
where they got that knowledge,
where they developed
the ability to put these
incredible monuments together,
it boggles the mind.
Archaeologists believe
that Stonehenge's
two rings of standing stones
may be simply the remains
of a much larger structure,
based on the presence
of the earthen henge
that surrounds it.
This has led to speculation
that Superhenge
also contained additional rings,
and that these structures might
even have had walls and roofs.
But if true, was this area of England
much more than simply
a site of religious ceremony?
When we look to these
extraordinary structures on Earth,
it makes you wonder,
did extraterrestrials have
a hand in creating
these massive monuments?
Or did they teach humans
how to build these monuments?
So you have to wonder
what the purpose of these
giant stone circles are
around the world.
Is it possible that they were some
kind of spaceport or a conceived city?
Is it possible that Stonehenge
and the many structures that surround it
are the remnants of an
extraterrestrial spaceport?
Ancient astronaut theorists say yes,
and suggest that further proof exists
in the form of DNA evidence,
hidden in the tomb
of King Tut.
They have confirmed
that they might have discovered
another passway behind
King Tut's burial chamber.
We go in there,
we're going to find artifacts
that could be undeniably
extraterrestrial.
Luxor, Egypt.
Here lies the tomb of the
world's most famous pharaoh...
King Tutankhamun.
When it was discovered in 1922,
completely intact and preserved
after more than 3,000 years,
it was considered
one of the most significant
archaeological discoveries of all time.
But as spectacular a find as it was,
almost a century later,
new evidence has come to light
that there may be much more
to King Tut's final resting
place than meets the eye.
While examining high-resolution
scans of the tomb
on September 28, 2015,
British Egyptologist Nicholas Reeves
found something remarkable--
the possibility of two hidden passages
connected directly to
King Tut's burial chamber.
There was a Spanish company,
who was recruited
to scan the tomb of Tutankhamun
in order to replicate it.
It is through this high
definition photography scanning
that Reeves noticed
that on the north wall
of the burial chamber,
there is some cracks,
indicating the possibility of a door.
And also on the eastern wall.
So there's two possible chambers.
Reeves took his laser
images to Dr. Mamdouh Eldamaty,
who is the Minister
of Antiquities in Egypt,
and they both decided to dig further.
They used thermal scanning,
which tells you
the exact density of the wall
at every part.
And they have confirmed
that they might have discovered
another passway or a chamber
behind King Tut's burial chamber.
Whether there are more buried treasures
beyond the painted walls
remains to be seen.
But if so, Reeves has a theory.
He believes the passageway may lead
to the tomb of Queen Nefertiti--
the wife of Pharaoh Akhenaten,
who ruled during the 14th century BC.
But why would Nefertiti's tomb
be hidden beyond King Tut's?
Ancient astronaut theorists
believe there may be
a profound reason--
that Queen Nefertiti
was not of this world.
Nefertiti's parents are unknown.
On pictures, she is shown
with one of these elongated heads.
Now we know the gods,
the old Egyptian gods,
they had longer heads than we have.
And according to the pyramid texts,
sometimes they left the Earth,
and then they returned again.
So Nefertiti's parents
were maybe extraterrestrials.
King Akhenaten and his wife
looked completely different
than all the other
ancient Egyptian kings.
King Akhenaten always was depicted
with an elongated skull,
a bigger-size hip,
a belly that drools over his belt.
He believed that he wasn't a man
and he wasn't a woman
and he wasn't a king.
He was just something else.
The most unusual feature
is, uh, elongated skulls.
There's been a lot of discussions
about what these skulls meant.
Whether they were
literally elongated skulls,
or whether they were
just decoration features.
It's certainly very intriguing.
It doesn't appear before or afterwards.
So there's something rather odd
about this, I have to admit.
The reign of Akhenaten and Nefertiti
introduced a new and controversial
monotheistic faith to Egypt--
worshipping the disc-shaped sun god Aten.
The Aten was described
as this flying sun disc.
Egyptologists are
merely saying that this
was nothing else but the sun,
but the question is:
Can the sun instruct you
in different disciplines?
And the answer is no.
So we have to see whether or not
our ancestors encountered technology
and misinterpreted it
as something in nature.
Is it possible the depictions
of Akhenaten and Nefertiti--
along with their worship
of a disc-shaped god--
are evidence that they
were not of this world?
And if so, might Queen Nefertiti's tomb
contain DNA evidence of
their extraterrestrial origins?
The ancient Egyptians did not want us
to know anything
about Nefertiti or Akhenaten,
or even Tutankhamen.
They made every effort
they possibly could
to erase all references
to their existence.
So what is it about Nefertiti
that makes the opening
of her tomb so powerful?
This ultimately goes back to Akhenaten
and Nefertiti's
introduction of the teaching
of the celestial disc.
What if, when we go past that wall,
the real treasure trove
is waiting inside,
and when we go in there,
we're going to find artifacts
that could be
undeniably extraterrestrial?
Could this tomb hide
otherworldly secrets and treasures?
Might we be on the verge
of locating indisputable evidence
of extraterrestrial intervention
in the distant past?
Perhaps additional pieces to the puzzle
can be found deep within the temple
of a flying serpent god.
Why would you put liquid mercury
inside a tomb?
Mercury has very good uses
in space travel.
Teotihuacan, Mexico.
April 24, 2015.
For six years,
Mexican archaeologist Sergio Gomez
has been performing an excavation
of the ancient city's
third largest pyramid,
the Pyramid of Quetzalcoatl,
which dates back to
the second century AD.
Gomez has uncovered numerous relics
in the course of his excavation,
but on this date, he discovers
something completely unexpected
in a chamber below the pyramid:
Large quantities of liquid mercury.
Gomez has been
gradually penetrating a tunnel
and he's now reached
a depth of 300 feet.
But along the way,
they found liquid mercury.
Now, why would you put
liquid mercury inside a tomb?
You wouldn't want
to put mercury down there
just for the heck of it,
because if you get too close to it,
or too involved with it,
it's gonna kill you.
Mercury is an extremely rare
and conductive element that,
today, is used primarily
in electronics and automobiles,
so the presence of
this dangerous substance
below an ancient Aztec pyramid
has puzzled scientists.
But ancient astronaut theorists believe
the mercury found at this temple--
a temple built to honor Quetzalcoatl,
the feathered serpent
that came down from the sky--
may have a direct connection
to the beings the Aztecs
referred to as their gods.
Now, liquid mercury
was not only found in Teotihuacan.
According to old Indian texts,
liquid mercury was one part
of the propulsion system
which the extraterrestrials used
for their flying machines.
There are many legends
that the Nazis themselves
actually went through
these Sanskrit texts
in order to help them develop
their own flying craft technology.
What we know from the leaked
German scientific reports
is that, apparently,
if you subject mercury
to a very high level
of electrostatic charge
and then rotate it,
you get a gravitational thrust
which allows you
to create inertial force
that can counteract
the normal force of gravity.
So the idea that
we have references to mercury
in a chamber of the Feathered Serpent...
One has to ask the question:
what was this Feathered Serpent?
According to
the ancient astronaut theory,
we are talking about physical craft
that, at some point,
were misinterpreted as living creatures.
Could this incredible
discovery of liquid mercury
provide further proof
that the Feathered Serpent
was actually a spacecraft?
Ancient astronaut theorists
believe another toxic tomb
may help answer this question.
Shaanxi Province, China.
Here, buried deep under a hill,
lies Emperor Qin Shi Huang.
Undisturbed for more than 2,000 years,
his tomb is best known
for the discovery of thousands
of Terra-cotta Warriors.
But much of the massive
underground structure
has not yet been excavated,
due to high levels of mercury.
If somebody were to ask me,
"What is the most fantastic
archaeological site
on the planet Earth?",
my answer would be simple
and it would be quick:
it's the tomb of Emperor Qin.
Writings from the time of Emperor Qin,
second century BC,
told us that this guy
was buried in a tomb
that had a scale model
of China inside of it,
with flowing rivers of mercury
moving around the cities
that were built in scale models.
Is it coincidence
that an ancient tomb in China
and an ancient temple in Mexico
both contain liquid mercury?
Curiously, much like the Aztec story
of Quetzalcoatl
coming down from the sky,
the Chinese say
the ancestor of Qin Shi Huang--
the Yellow Emperor--
descended from the heavens on a dragon.
According to some mythological accounts,
the Yellow Emperor was riding
around on a dragon
when he saw the people of Earth in need.
And so he descended
from the heavens to help them.
According to Chinese myth,
after ruling for 100 years,
the Yellow Emperor called for
the return of the dragon.
70 different people from his own staff
all got on board this dragon
and flew away.
The dragon is said
to travel vast distances
in short periods of time.
So the yellow dragon does appear to be
a very large spacecraft,
traveling at extraordinary speed,
and all of the events
that I'm describing to you
actually did take place
in physical, tangible reality.
Liquid mercury is such
an obscure substance.
So how do we account
for both the ancient Aztecs
and the Chinese
creating rivers of mercury
in the tombs of some of
their greatest figures,
unless they know the hidden
secrets of the substance,
hidden secrets that were taught
to them by extraterrestrials?
Is it possible that the Aztec story
of a flying feathered serpent
and the Chinese story
of a dragon coming down from the sky
are both describing alien spacecraft?
And is this why liquid mercury
has been found in tombs
both in Mexico and China?
Ancient astronaut theorists say yes,
and propose even more
compelling evidence
that our ancestors encountered
otherworldly technology
might lie high in the mountains of Peru,
hidden beneath the earth.
Equipment detected that there was metal
inside this hidden chamber.
We're talking about
being able to recover the power
that Pachacutec possessed.
Machu Picchu, Peru.
This stone citadel
of the Inca civilization
was built high in the Andes Mountains
around 1450 AD,
but was suddenly
and mysteriously abandoned
roughly a century later.
Mainstream scholars contend
the construction of Machu Picchu
was led by Emperor Pachacutec
and took thousands of men
working decades to complete.
But ancient astronaut theorists suggest
that the precise construction,
the transportation of massive blocks
and the Incas' own accounts
all point to a very different
explanation for Machu Picchu:
That it was built with the help
of otherworldly beings.
Emperor Pachacutec
was believed to have had
a special bond with the god Viracocha.
Pachacutec, in the days leading up
to the great battle against the Chanka,
he takes kind of a retreat.
He goes to a lake.
And out of the sky drops
this piece of metal
into the lake.
When he fishes it out
of the lake, it's a mirror.
And he sees an image in the mirror.
This supernatural creature
in the mirror tells him,
"I am your father.
"You will win many battles
in your lifetime,
this one included."
The image is actually
Viracocha, the creator deity.
And then as Pachacutec stood
with his vastly smaller army,
these giant megalithic stones
came to life
and became his army,
and crushed the Chanka.
Pachacutec actually had the
power of Viracocha behind him.
It makes one wonder
if, in fact, this was
extraterrestrial technology.
Could the story
of Pachacutec levitating
massive stones be true?
And might the mirror
that fell from the sky
have been some type of alien technology?
Ancient astronaut theorists say yes
and suggest a new discovery
at Machu Picchu may reveal
what happened to this
otherworldly device.
French engineer David Crespy
was vacationing
in Machu Picchu in 2010,
when he discovered
that at the bottom of one
of the main buildings,
there seemed to be a doorway,
purposely sealed up with rocks.
In August of 2011, he reached out
to Thierry Jamin, a French archaeologist
that has been studying Peru
and the Incan Empire
for more than 15 years.
Within a month,
Thierry started his own investigation
with local archaeologists and
specialists in funerary sites.
Thierry and radar technician
Ricardo Hamada
took a scan from above
the blocked entrance
with ground-penetrating radar.
The image on the radar detector
reveals a large cavity,
and the broken lines indicate
there may also be stairs
leading even further
down into the earth.
Other equipment detected
that there was metals
inside this hidden chamber.
Gold, silver,
and other types of metallic objects,
suggesting very strongly
that we're dealing
with some kind of a tomb.
Although Thierry has
confirmed Crespy's suspicions
that the odd structure was an entrance
sealed off at some point by the Incas,
the Peruvian authorities
have since banned his return
to the site for further investigations.
All of the iconographic
and archaeological elements show us
that this is all associated
with the mausoleum of Pachacutec.
Maybe the most important
archaeological treasure
ever found in Machu Picchu.
Could the tomb of Pachacutec
lie beyond these rocks?
And is it possible, as ancient
astronaut theorists suggest,
that it might also contain
advanced technology,
the so-called "magic mirror"
that was said to have been given
to Pachacutec by the
creator god Viracocha?
We're talking about
the emperor as having
a connection with this
extraterrestrial being.
Now think about it.
If-if we're talking about recovering
his tomb and his artifacts,
then we're talking
about ultimately being able
to recover the power
that Pachacutec possessed.
And what we're going to be
seeing here is, I believe,
ironclad evidence emerging
of extraterrestrial
involvement in human affairs.
When the underground chamber
found at Machu Picchu is excavated,
will we discover undeniable proof
that this site was constructed
with extraterrestrial technology?
Ancient astronaut theorists suggest
further evidence can be found
by examining newly
discovered Nazca Lines
as well as similar geoglyphs
found on the other side of the world.
They're much more complex
than the Nazca geoglyphs
in that they are three-dimensional.
This could've been
some huge, great,
megalithic stone setting.
Nazca, Peru.
First discovered in 1927,
the Nazca Lines consist
of hundreds of designs
known as geoglyphs,
that can only be seen from above.
Scattered over 200 square miles
in southern Peru,
mainstream archaeologists
believe the figures were created
by the ancient Nazca people
sometime between the first
and eighth centuries AD.
Ancient astronaut theorists
have been studying
the Nazca Lines for years.
and they say new evidence proves
that aliens not only visited Nazca,
but continued to return there
over the centuries.
On July 7, 2015,
a team of anthropologists from
Yamagata University in Japan
revealed they had found new Nazca lines
that, due to erosion,
are impossible to make out
with the naked eye.
By conducting
a three-dimensional scan of the ground,
they uncovered a total of 24 images,
including strange-looking
humanoid figures,
a disembodied head
and a llama 65 feet long.
According to their findings,
the new geoglyphs date
from 400 to 200 BC,
making them hundreds of years older
than those previously discovered.
These new finds are
instrumental in showing
the duration of which these
types of modifications
were going on, on the desert floor,
for hundreds and hundreds of years,
involving different cultures,
with different motivations
and different depictions.
It would seem to be all of the cultures
were trying to signal
some kind of sky people
and probably, over time, were trying
to induce them to come
back down from the sky
and land their ships.
You have to wonder then if,
with at least four successive
cultures doing this,
that you would think
they must have had some success.
Some ancient astronaut
theorists have even suggested
that the discovery of older
Nazca lines may indicate
that the people responsible
for the later geoglyphs
were imitating what was originally made
by the extraterrestrials themselves.
So the question starts to rise is:
were various different
people coming to Nazca
to make these petroglyphs
and these large diagrams?
Or were they possibly recreating
some initial experiment
or some initial thing that took place?
What if some of the early
cultures in Nazca
actually experienced
interaction with beings
that were creating edifices that
can only be seen from the sky,
and the only way to get
to lure them back
was to create these ways to communicate
from an aerial perspective?
For decades, it was thought
that there was no other place
on Earth like Nazca,
but recently, a shocking
discovery was made
on the opposite side of the globe.
Turgay, Kazakhstan.
October, 2015.
Using satellite photography,
NASA captures images
of more than 260 geoglyphs
covering the ground here.
They're located in
a very rural part of Kazakhstan
and they could only be found
thanks to modern technology.
They are much more complex
than the Nazca geoglyphs
in that they are three-dimensional.
They are mounds and trenches,
whereas the Nazca Lines
are etchings in the sand.
We're talking here
about massive features
that are constructed from earthen mounds
and also from wood,
showing everything
from rings, to squares,
to crosses and even swastikas
that are on the ground.
The archaeologists
in the area have no idea
who made the geoglyphs
or what they represent.
But one fact they have
been able to determine
is that some of these glyphs
date back 8,000 years--
nearly 6,000 years older
than the Nazca lines.
Since these can be dated
to almost 8,000 years old,
we have to wonder who they were
trying to communicate with.
Could it have been, possibly,
what a lot of these ancient
cultures referred to as gods?
I think the fact that we're finding
more and more of these symbols
simply tell us that
the humankind, at that time,
tried to communicate with
what they thought
were the gods from above.
Could the new geoglyphs
found in Kazakhstan
be evidence that
our ancestors encountered
extraterrestrial visitors
as much as 8,000 years ago?
Ancient astronaut theorists say yes,
and suggest that these glyphs
may prove to have been made
at the same time as the newly
discovered Superhenge...
...because, while Stonehenge
is considered to be
at least 5,000 years old,
some believe the buried
monoliths of Superhenge
could be much, much older.
Stonehenge is only one small part
of a gigantic archeological puzzle.
Now, we, today,
we must stumble
over these stone circles,
over these stone lines.
And automatically,
we have to ask questions:
What is it?
How have they done it?
For what purpose?
And sooner or later,
we came up with the question:
Is there maybe a message
by the extraterrestrials?
Is it possible
that the geoglyphs recently discovered
in Nazca and Kazakhstan
are tied to not only
the new discovery
of Superhenge in England,
but also to other mysterious
sites around the world
that were made to be seen from the sky?
If so, could evidence that these markers
were intended for
extraterrestrial visitors
be hidden beneath the earth
in Mexico, Peru, China and Egypt?
Ancient astronaut theorists say yes,
and suggest that we are on the verge
of uncovering the ultimate proof
of alien contact.
Ancient astronaut theorists argue
that in recent times, the mainstream
has dismissed the possibility
that another race of advanced beings
came to Earth in the distant past,
even though the signs are all around us.
Experts believe
a series of mysterious objects
surrounding a giant star
could be, Mark, an alien megastructure.
1,500 light years from Earth,
signals are blasting
from the star KIC-84-62-85-2.
It could be a... giant solar panels
built by an alien civilization.
Thousands of miles away
in a cave in South Africa,
archaeologists discovered
hundreds of ancient bones
and a new human ancestor.
As more and more new evidence pours in,
is ancient astronaut theory
nearing a point
where it will be considered
by mainstream scholars
as a serious possibility?
Great thinkers like Galileo
are dismissed as fools and heretics.
They were the ones
that had the right idea,
but new ideas are not accepted easily.
For centuries, it was believed
that the Earth was flat.
We are a stubborn people.
As we evolve as a humankind,
we are going to realize that
what we were taught in the past
may not be what is
going to be in the future.
We're gonna continue to learn
new things about past civilizations,
and new things of what could've been
future civilizations, as well.
And you've got to conclude
that we are not alone in the universe,
and that we've been visited,
and we continue to be visited.
With the technology that has been
and is being developed at the moment,
ultimately, archaeology
will have no other choice
but to accept the fact
that we have been visited
by extraterrestrials
in the remote past.
For me, personally, I think that
these extraterrestrials,
they left a purpose.
I call it something like a time capsule.
That's why they made
these gigantic stone circles
and stone lines.
It was addressed to us.
And we should ask, who were
these extraterrestrials?
Where did they come from?
What was the reason?
Will they come down again?
I'm sure they will show up.
We are now living in a paradigm shift
in which the new evidence is upholding
an older and ancient idea
that extraterrestrials came to Earth
and had a huge influence
on human affairs.
And that ultimately, our future depends
on our involvement
with these beings, as well.
As technology continues to improve,
will irrefutable evidence be uncovered
of extraterrestrial
intervention on Earth?
Evidence that world governments
have been hiding from us for decades?
Could the smoking gun be concealed
behind a tomb wall,
hidden away in an ancient temple,
or even buried right under our feet?
If otherworldly beings
really have been observing us,
perhaps as we get closer to the truth,
the proof will come not in
the form of an artifact
or scientific discovery,
but in face-to-face contact
with our alien ancestors.
CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY
A+E NETWORKS
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org